now in the fourth year of King Darius it
came to pass that the word of the Lord
came to Zechariah on the fourth day of
the ninth month Kislev when the people
sent cheresa with regal Milich and his
men to the house of God to pray before
the Lord and to ask the priests who were
in the house of the Lord of Hosts and
the prophets should I weep in the fifth
month and fast as I have done for so
many years then the word of the Lord of
Hosts came to me saying say to all the
people of the land and to the priests
when you fasted and mourned in the fifth
and seventh months during those seventy
years
did you really fast for me for me when
you eat and when you drink do you not
eat and drink for yourselves should you
not have obeyed the words which the Lord
proclaimed through the former prophets
when Jerusalem and the cities around it
were inhabited and prosperous and the
south and the lowland were inhabited
then the word of the Lord came to
Zechariah execute true justice shall
mercy and compassion everyone to his
brother do not oppress the widow or the
fatherless the alien or the poor
let none of you plan evil in his heart
against his brother but they refused to
heed shrugged their shoulders and
stopped their ears so that they could
not hear yes
they made their hearts like flint
refusing to hear the law in the words
which the Lord of Hosts had sent by his
Spirit through the former prophets thus
great wrath came from the Lord of hosts
therefore it happened that just as he
proclaimed and they would not hear so
they called out and I would not listen
but I scattered them with a whirlwind
among all the nations which they had not
know thus the land became desolate after
them so that no one passed through or
returned for they made were pleasantly
desolate
[Music]